{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 8Bit SFX and Music Pack from Hunter Audio Production\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \
This single user license allows one person to use this library to create an unlimited number of end products.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 This license DOES grant: 
\f1\b0 \
i. The SFX & Music (Multi-Use) License grants you, the purchaser, an ongoing, non-exclusive, commercial, worldwide license to make use of the sound effects, on the following terms. \
ii. You are licensed to use the Item to create multiple End Products that incorporate the Item as well as other things, so that each End Product is larger in scope and different in nature than the Item. Examples of End Products: apps, games, podcasts, websites, live performances, videos, DVDs, films, TV shows and advertisements. \
iii. The license includes the right to utilise the Item through communication to the public (performance), broadcast, display, distribution, and reproduction. Read on for things that you can\'92t do with the Item. Free or commercial, monetised or not, for-profit or not-for-profit \'96 you can create as many End Products as you like! \
iv. You can create End Products for yourself or for your clients. If you create an End Product for a client, then this license is sub-licensed to your client only for use in that specific End Product. This means that your client can use the Item within the End Product on these license terms. But your client cannot extract or use the Item separate from the End Product! Motion Sound - Multi-Use License You are responsible for making sure that your client is aware of this, and these license terms. \
v. You can make any number of copies of each End Product. You can distribute an End Product through multiple media, and you can broadcast it or make it available online to an unlimited number of viewers. \
vi. You can modify or manipulate the Item, or combine the Item with other works, to suit each End Product. The resulting works based on the Item are subject to the terms of this license. You cannot claim ownership to the Item, whether it\'92s in original form or altered under this clause. You can do the things allowed in this clause as long as each End Product you then create is one that\'92s permitted under clause 2. Examples: you can edit or loop or stretch a sound effect to suit your project.\
\

\f0\b This License DOES NOT Grant\'a0: 
\f1\b0 \
vii. You can\'92t re-distribute the Item as a sound effect, as stock, in a tool or template, or with source files. You can\'92t do this with an Item either on its own or bundled with other items, even if you modify the Item. You also can\'92t re-distribute the Item as-is or with superficial modifications. Examples: You can\'92t license a number of sound effects and distribute/resell them on CD or as part of an SFX pack or sample library. You can\'92t license a sound effect and distribute/resell it as a ring tone. \
\
viii. You can\'92t use the Item in any application allowing an end user to customise a digital or physical product to their specific needs, such as an \'93on demand\'94, \'93made to order\'94 or \'93build it yourself\'94 application. You can use the Item in this way only if you purchase a separate single-use license for each final product incorporating the Item 8Bit SFX and Music Pack - Multi-Use License purchase a separate single-use license for each final product incorporating the Item that is created using the application. This multi-use license is not intended for this type of use. Examples of \'93on demand\'94, \'93made to order\'94 or \'93build it yourself\'94 applications: online video or animation rendering services, \'93create your own\'94 slide show apps, and e-card generators. You would need one single-use license for each product. \
\
ix. You must not permit an end user to extract the Item and use it separately from an End Product. \
\
x. You can\'92t claim trademark or service mark rights over the Item within an End Product. \
\
xi. You can only use the Item for lawful purposes. Also, you can\'92t use Item in connection with defamatory, obscene or demeaning material. \
\
xii. You must not use the Item in violation of any export laws that apply to you. \
\
xiii. This license can be terminated if you breach it and don\'92t remedy the breach. If termination happens, you must stop using the Item, which includes no longer making copies of or distributing End Products until you remove the Item from them. This license can also be terminated for only the End Products to which a breach relates (rather than all End Products). In this case, this clause applies only to those End Products. \
\
xiv. The author of the Item retains ownership of the Item but grants you the license on these terms. Example: if you use a sound effect in your video, you can\'92t claim rights to the sound effect (eg through applying \'93ContentID\'94 or similar systems to the audio)\
}